The following license notice (the "Notice") shall apply between you ("You")
and PERSEQUOR ApS, a limited liability company incorporated under the laws of
Denmark (registered under CVR no. 38102907 with the Danish Business
Authority) ("PSQR") regarding Your use and access to SAGA-RUNTIME.

The SAGA-RUNTIME is licensed to you by PSQR - and not sold - as further set
out in the FRAMEWORK AGREEMENT - SOLUTION PROVIDER entered into by You (or
your employer) and PSQR for the purpose of You integrating PSQR's technology,
including contents in SAGA-RUNTIME, into platform(s)/service(s) in order to
provide software solutions to customers to serialize, track and trace
products, resources, and/or infrastructure.

If a FRAMEWORK AGREEMENT - SOLUTION PROVIDER between You and PSQR has not yet
been concluded, You may access and use SAGA-RUNTIME, provided PSQR has
consented hereto in writing (the "Approval").

Subject to the terms and conditions of the FRAMEWORK AGREEMENT - SOLUTION
PROVIDER, the Approval (if applicable), You have been granted access to
PSQR's partner portal https://partner-portal.persequor.com/ and to download
SAGA-RUNTIME through Maven Repository https://partner-mvn-repository.persequor.com/.

By downloading, using or accessing SAGA-RUNTIME (including access directly or
indirectly), You hereby accept the terms of this Notice. This Notice shall
apply to all files included in SAGA-RUNTIME.

You may access and use the files included in SAGA-RUNTIME for the purpose of
using the libraries in SAGA-RUNTIME with Your source code (runtime
dependency) for Your solution enabling serialization, tracking and tracing of
products, resources, and/or infrastructure in accordance with the rights
granted in the FRAMEWORK AGREEMENT - SOLUTION PROVIDER or the Approval (if
applicable).

Consequently, it is strictly prohibited to copy, modify, sub-license,
(re)distribute, reverse engineer, disassemble or decompile SAGA-RUNTIME
(whether directly or indirectly by including SAGA-RUNTIME in Your developed
solution), unless otherwise expressly stipulated in the FRAMEWORK AGREEMENT -
SOLUTION PROVIDER, in the Approval (if applicable) or allowed pursuant to
mandatory applicable law.

YOU EXPRESSLY RECOGNIZE, ACKNOWLEDGES AND ACCEPTS THAT SAGA-RUNTIME IS BEING
PROVIDED TO YOU "AS IS" BY PSQR WITHOUT WARRANTY OR LIABILITY OF ANY KIND.

THUS, PSQR DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES AND ANY LIABILITY WITH REGARD TO SAGA-
RUNTIME AND ITS CONTENTS, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING ANY IMPLIED
WARRANTIES OF FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, MERCHANTABILITY OR
MERCHANTABLE QUALITY.
